Add Server Middleware warnings (#6009)
vuestorefront/vue-storefront: packages/core/docs/advanced/extending-graphql-queries.md

# Extending GraphQL Queries

:::danger Don't forget to reload the application

> Due to the bug, the application doesn't automatically reload after saving the changes in Server Middleware. Due to this, you have to restart the application manually. This issue will be fixed in a future updates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please keep in mind, that application does not reload automatically after saving the changes in Server Middleware. Due to this, you have to restart the application manually. We are working on enabling hot reload in future updates!
```

Reviewer: Same below ofcourse :)
